P5-213: Fixed latex todos (#137)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/4.Design/Robot_Design.tex

The turret has been through different iterations during the development. 
On \autoref{fig:TurretEarly}, the first iteration of the turret can be seen.

> This iteration was built with the intention of having a machine that could moved on two axes to ensure that the laser could point in enough directions to fulfil the requirement of 60 degree movement in both directions from the origin.

Reviewer: den sætning her.
```suggestion
The goal of the first iteration was to get a working turret that could move its head atleast 60 degrees on both the $X$ and $Y$ axes.
```

> In addition to this, it had a laser pointer attached with rubber bands, which had a button that could be pressed to fire the laser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the head had a laser pointer attached with rubber bands, which had a button that could be manually pressed to fire the laser.
This laser was mostly to demonstrate the idea of the robot, and was not intended for use in the final version of the device.
```
